---
layout: post
title: "March 22, 2010"
date: 2010-03-22 18:42:00
published: false
comments: false
source:
  type: wordpress
  id: 849
  url: "https://jeffspatton.wordpress.com/2010/03/22/march-22-2010/"
gallery: "wordpress-2010-03-22-184200-march-22-2010"
categories:
  - "family"
tags:
[]
---
I haven’t posted in a while but thought I would share some pictures from our new house! The gallery below will have pictures of the rooms which, for the most part, are completely done. There are still a few things left to do, but I’d say we are about 85% done so far, and hopefully we will be 100% by this weekend! Overall we had very good weather prior to and during the move, but over this past weekend we had a couple inches of snow!

Packing took a while and there was a lot more stuff than I thought there was, and I thought we had a lot! We wound up needing a couple of trips in one of the largest trucks you can get at U-Haul! I do want to add that U-Haul was extremely easy to setup and confirm online, all I had to do on the morning of the move was show up with my credit card!

One more thing, the move itself was made so much easier by all the wonderful help that we had! Carson and Nick from my work, Jeff and Lindsey who are friends of the family, My mom and dad, Malia’s sister’s fiancée Scritch and another great friend of ours, Mike! Thanks so much for all the work you made easier for us!

Natalie and I picked up the truck at 9a on Sunday morning, and met my Mom and dad at the storage location around 930a. Our friends started arriving at 10a and we got to the house around 1030a. Jeff and Scritch organized the truck while the rest of loaded the boxes into, and by noon we made our first trip over to the new house. After lunch we were back at the old house for the last load. We got to the new house and unloaded the truck by 430p which gave us plenty of time to return the truck to U-Haul the same day.

We closed on the new house Monday morning, deposited a fat check in the bank at noon, and began unloading all the boxes from the garage into the house. We worked well into the evening and were able to make a large dent in the garage, as well as have the bed’s setup, thanks dad, and the big tv setup, sadly no service until the following day. By the end of Tuesday, I was able to pull my car into the garage and by the end of Wednesday most of the boxes were out of the garage and in the appropriate rooms. By the end of the week, most of the rooms were done, both cars were able to fit in the garage and we managed to get some shopping done by the time it snowed!

{% include gallery.html gallery="wordpress-2010-03-22-184200-march-22-2010" %}
