---
layout: post
title: "April 19, 2013"
date: 2013-04-19 17:15:26
published: false
comments: false
source:
  type: wordpress
  id: 221
  url: "https://jeffspatton.wordpress.com/2013/04/19/april-19-2013/"
gallery: "wordpress-2013-04-19-171526-april-19-2013"
categories:
  - "natalie"
tags:
[]
---
Today was the 5 senses fair at Cair Paravel. We gathered in the lunchroom and the parents had setup a table for each of the 5 senses, sight, touch, hearing, smelling, feeling. For whatever reason we didn’t get the smell one, but the other’s were fun. At the taste table the kids had to dry off their tongues, and then either salt or sugar was dropped on their tongues. They learned that on each bump of their tongue (there is a technical term) there are 250 taste buds.

At the touch station, they had to do a matching game with their eyes closed. Each card had different materials on it, some smooth, some rough, some soft and so on. Each kid was timed on how quickly they performed, Natalie did it in a minute and 42 seconds, I don’t know if that’s good or bad. It was a little like a little league baseball game where they don’t keep track of the score, all that effort with no point.

The sight station had some fun stuff, they got to play with a model eyeball, and identify it’s parts. They looked through a paper towel tube with one eye open, close the other eye and then hold your hand half-way on the length of the tube, go ahead, you know you wanna try it! They also had a collection of those pictures that mess with your mind.

The hearing station was neat, they had a steel grill that they held up to their heads with string, then someone would tap it with a spoon so they could hear the difference between that, and just holding the grill in their hands. They also got to make chicken sounds with a cup and some string, see the video below.

The last station, was a lack of senses, they got to see braille books and make a braille bookmark using seeds to make the bumps for their names. Then they got to see how their brain works by tracing a picture by looking only in a mirror. It was more difficult than it looked, if you want to go left go right kinda stuff.

{% include gallery.html gallery="wordpress-2013-04-19-171526-april-19-2013" %}

{% include youtubePlayer.html id="HWFXMq8vOfE" %}
