---
layout: single
title: "Round Two"
post_id: 2013-04-26-round-two
date: 2013-04-26 10:59:18
published: true
comments: false
source:
  type: wordpress
  id: 297
  url: "https://jeffspatton.wordpress.com/2013/04/26/april-26-2013/"
gallery: "wordpress-2013-04-26-105918-april-26-2013"
categories:
  - "nathan"
  - cancer
tags: []
---
We took Nathan to the Cancer Center this morning. Unlike last time, his bone marrow numbers were high enough so that we could go to the hospital for treatment. I don’t know if he’ll ever really get used to going, but he does very well.

This is Day 1 of his second cycle of chemotherapy, the nice thing about this cycle versus the last time is that the 6hr chemo started in the morning. The hourly checking of his vitals all happened while he was awake as opposed to the middle of the night like last time!

One of Malia’s former student’s mother brought her something called a “Joy Jar.” It had all sorts of fun little things inside of it that Nathan got a kick out of. The jar’s from the [Jesse Reese foundation](http://www.negu.org/jessie/). The hospital gave him a very nice green blanket that coordinated very well with the Toy Story pillow case he got from the social worker at the Cancer Center, needless to say Malia was very pleased!

Mom brought Natalie over after school let out and we had fun with bubbles. Natalie brought the bubble gun that mom bought at Sea World when we were there, and they blew bubbles. Nathan enjoyed blowing the bubbles at himself more than at anyone else.

Later that evening Uncle Rick and Aunt Lavonne stopped by with gifts for Natalie and Nathan. Natalie got a very cute little outfit that she loved, and Nathan got Duplo blocks that he enjoyed playing with.

{% include gallery.html gallery="wordpress-2013-04-26-105918-april-26-2013" %}

A couple of videos

Natalie and Nathan

{% include youtubePlayer.html id="EwB98l2cvaA" %}

Nathan and Scout

{% include youtubePlayer.html id="22AKWVFLpac" %}
